In the previous section, we mentioned that Kafka is widely used in industry.
Let's quickly review a few of those use cases.
Uber uses Kafka extensively in a real-time pricing models.
Kafka is the backbone by which a significant portion of the events in
the system are communicated to the various stream processing calculations.
The speed and flexibility of Kafka allow Uber to adjust
their price to reflect the constantly evolving conditions of the real-world.
Check the notes for more information on how the system works.
Segment is a web analytics company that helps many of
the world's largest tech companies track and
understand user actions on their applications.
To deal with the sheer volume of data and
the significant number of data sources and data syncs,
Segment uses Kafka as the routing backbone for
a significant portion of the data that traverses through their platform.
Their resilience to failure,
ordering guarantees and scalability make
Kafka a particularly excellent choice for a tool like Segment.
Netflix has integrated Kafka as a core component of
their data platform which they refer to internally as the keystone data pipeline.
As one of the most popular Internet services in the world,
Netflix has to handle a deluge of data coming from a number of different data sources,
including video viewing activities,
UI interactions, logs and so on.
Now, I'm going to mention some numbers here just to
give you a sense of how incredibly skill how Kafka is.
So the important part takeaway from these numbers is that Kafka can be huge.
Netflix sends over 500 billion events and 1.3 petabytes per day into Kafka.
That includes eight million events and 24 gigabytes per second during peak hours.
Based on those numbers,
you can probably guess that Kafka is a core part of many of the services you
may use and enjoy on a daily basis at some of the world's biggest tech companies.